# help removercopygroup
removercopygroup - Remove one or more Remote Copy groups

SYNTAX
    removercopygroup [options] {<group_name> ... | <pattern> ...}

DESCRIPTION
    The removercopygroup command removes a remote copy volume group or multiple
    remote copy groups that match a given pattern.

AUTHORITY
    Super, Edit
    Any role granted the rcopygroup_remove right

OPTIONS
    -f
        Specifies that the command is forced. If this option is not used, the
        command requires confirmation before proceeding with its operation.
        If the Remote Copy group is not empty and -removevv is used, the command
        will ask for a confirmation even if the -f option is used.

    -removevv
        Remove remote sides' volumes.

    -keepsnap
        Specifies that the local volume's resync snapshot should be retained.
        The retained snapshot will reflect the state of the secondary volume
        and may be used as the starting snapshot should the volume be
        readmitted to a remote copy group. The snapshot will begin with
        "sv.rcpy"

    -pat
        Specifies that specified patterns are treated as glob-style patterns
        and all remote copy groups matching the specified pattern will be
        removed. By default, confirmation is required to proceed with the
        command unless the -f option is specified. This option must be used
        if the <pattern> specifier is used.

    -keepalua
        Keeps the local volume's ALUA state from changing. This option
        must be used during Peer Motion migrations of Remote Copy Groups.
        Please refer to "Volume migration in a Remote Copy Primary group"
        in the Peer Motion User Guide for further details.

SPECIFIERS
    <group_name>
        The name of the group to be removed.

    <pattern>
        Specifies a glob-style pattern. This specifier can be repeated to
        remove multiple groups. If the <pattern> specifier is not used,
        the <group_name> specifier must be used.

NOTES
    This is not allowed if remote copy is in progress; the system will
    generate an error. The group must be stopped using the stoprcopygroup
    command.

    You must have access to the domain of the specified group (<group_name>)
    to run this command.

    If the mirror_config policy is set for this group's target system and
    the group is a primary group, this command will be mirrored to the target
    and the corresponding secondary group will also be removed. If the policy
    is set and the group is a secondary group, this command fails.

    The -keepsnap and -removevv options are mutually exclusive.

    The removercopygroup command removes all the associations configured in the
    specified group and removes the group name and any remote copy
    synchronization snapshots affiliated with volumes in the group.

EXAMPLES
    The following example removes Group1 from a remote copy system:

        removercopygroup Group1

    The following example removes remote copy groups that start with
    the name testgroup:

        removercopygroup -pat testgroup*

    The following example removes the remote copy group (Group1) and retains
    the resync snapshots associated with each volume.

        removercopygroup -keepsnap Group1

    The following example removes Group1 and associated volumes from the local
    system and removes the corresponding volumes on all the target systems
    of Group1:

        removercopygroup -removevv Group1

