# help startrcopygroup
startrcopygroup - Starts one or multiple Remote Copy groups

SYNTAX
    startrcopygroup [options] <group_name> [<vv:sv> ...]
                    [options] <pattern>

DESCRIPTION
    The startrcopygroup command enables Remote Copy for the specified Remote
    Copy volume groups.

AUTHORITY
    Super, Edit
    Any role granted the rcopygroup_start right

OPTIONS
    -nosync
        Prevents the initial synchronization and sets the virtual volumes to a
	synchronized state.

    -wait
        Specifies that the command waits until the initial synchronization is
	completed. The system generates an event when the synchronization is
	completed.

        If a group's target has the mirror_config policy set and the group is
        a secondary group, -wait option is not supported. If startrcopygroup
        command is run on secondary group with -wait specified, then the
        command will fail.

    -t <target_name>
        Only start the group on the specified target.

    -pat
        Specifies that specified patterns are treated as glob-style patterns
        and all Remote Copy groups matching the specified pattern will be
        started. -pat can specify a list of patterns.  This option must be
        used if pattern specifier is used.

SPECIFIERS
    <group_name>
        The name of the Remote Copy volume group. The group name can be obtained
	using the "showrcopy" command.

    <pattern>
        Specifies a glob-style pattern (see help on sub,globpat). This specifier
        can be repeated to start multiple groups. If this specifier
        is not used, the <group_name> specifier must be used.

    <vv:sv>
        Member volumes and snapshots can be specified by vv:sv syntax, where vv is
        the base volume name and sv is the snapshot volume name. To indicate a full
        resync, specify the starting, read-only snapshot with "-".

        When starting snapshots are applied, all vvs must be specified.

        If a group's target has the mirror_config policy set and the group is a
        secondary group, startrcopygroup command will be forwarded to the corresponding
        primary group but starting snapshots (vv:sv) are not supported in this case.

NOTES
    Synchronous groups are automatically synchronized when started. Asynchronous
    periodic volume groups are synchronized only on the first time they are
    started.

    You must enter this command on the secondary server before entering it on
    the primary if the mirror_config policy is not set.

    If a group's target has the mirror_config policy set and the group is a
    primary group, then this command will be mirrored to that target and the
    corresponding secondary group will be started. If the policy is set and the
    group is a secondary, then this command will be automatically forwarded
    to the corresponding primary group on remote side.

    If the mirror_config policy is not set, then the corresponding secondary
    group must already be started or this command will fail.

    When a secondary group says that it is in the started state, it does not
    necessarily mean that the group is receiving data from the primary system.
    The primary group might be stopped, or its system might even be down. The
    fact that the group is started only indicates that the group is ready to
    receive writes from the primary group. To determine if writes to the volumes
    of the primary group are being mirrored to the secondary group, the status
    of the primary group must be examined.

EXAMPLES
    The following example starts Remote Copy for Group1:

        cli% startrcopygroup Group1

    To start Group2, which contains 4 vvs and specify starting snapshots, with
    vv4 starting from a full resync:

        cli% startrcopygroup Group2 vv1:sv1 vv2:sv2 vv3:sv3 vv4:-

